Amends form validation docs (#181)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/components/tracking_script.rst

       }
   };

> If you wish to run additional code before or after submission of the form, create a ``MauticFormCallback`` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to run additional code before or after submission of the Form, create a ``MauticFormCallback`` object.
```

Please capitalise Form - per the Google StyleGuide definitions we capitalise all the bundles/components of Mautic. Vale should flag these up as a warning.

> In the example code, replace ``replaceWithFormName`` with the name of your form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example code, replace ``replaceWithFormName`` with the name of your Form. 
```

``onValidateEnd`` and ``onResponse`` are actions called by ``Form.customCallbackHandler``. 

``onValidate()``
================

> Called before built-in form validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called before built-in Form validation.
```

> Implement this callback to override the built-in form validation logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement this callback to override the built-in Form validation logic.
```

> Your callbacks return value determines how the form will be processed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your callback's return value determines the processing of the Form:
```

> 1. Return ``True`` to skip the built-in form validation and **continue** with form processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Return ``True`` to skip the built-in Form validation and **continue** with Form processing.
```

> 2. Return ``False`` to skip the built-in form validation and **prevent** the form submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Return ``False`` to skip the built-in Form validation and **prevent** the Form submission.
```

> 3. Return ``null`` to execute built-in form validation and let its logic determine whether to continue with or prevent the form submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Return ``null`` to execute built-in Form validation and let its logic determine whether to continue with or prevent the Form submission.
```

> Returning ``True`` or ``False`` will skip the execution of `onValidateStart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning ``True`` or ``False`` skips the execution of `onValidateStart`.
```

.. code-block:: js

   MauticFormCallback['replaceWithFormName'] = {
       onValidate: function () {

>            // executed before built-in form validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           // executed before built-in Form validation
```

``onValidateStart()``
=====================

> Called at the beginning of the default form validation, this receives no values and a return value isn't required and isn't processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called at the beginning of the default Form validation, this receives no values and a return value isn't required and isn't processed.
```

> .. warning:: `onValidateStart` will not get executed if you add the ``onValidate`` callback and it returns ``True`` or ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: `onValidateStart` isn't executed if you add the ``onValidate`` callback and it returns ``True`` or ``False``.
```

.. code-block:: js

   MauticFormCallback['replaceWithFormName'] = {
       onValidateStart: function () {

>             // executed before built-in form validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // executed before built-in Form validation
```

       },
   };

``onValidateEnd(formValid)``
============================

> Called after all form validations are complete - either the default validations and/or the ``onValidate`` callback - and before the form gets submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called after all Form validations are complete - either the default validations and/or the ``onValidate`` callback - and before submitting the Form.
```

> Receives ``formValid`` to determine if the form is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receives ``formValid`` to determine if the Form is valid.
```

> If this callback returns ``False`` then this prevents submitting the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this callback returns ``False`` then this prevents submitting the Form.
```

.. code-block:: js

   MauticFormCallback['replaceWithFormName'] = {
       onValidateEnd: function (formValid) {
            // before form submit

>             // return False; // prevents submitting the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // return False; // prevents submitting the Form
```

``onResponse(response)``
========================

> Called prior to default form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the form submission response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called prior to default Form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the Form submission response.
```

> Return ``True`` to skip the default form submission response processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return ``True`` to skip the default Form submission response processing.
```

``onResponseStart(response)``
=============================

> Called at the beginning of the default form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the form submission response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called at the beginning of the default Form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the Form submission response.
```

       },
   };

> Called at the end default form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the form submission response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called at the end of the default Form submission response processing. Receives ``response`` containing the Form submission response.
```

.. vale off

> Called prior to going to the next page in the form. Useful to adjust the DOM prior to making the page visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called prior to going to the next page in the Form. Useful to adjust the DOM prior to making the page visible.
```

.. vale off

> Called prior to going back to a previous page in the form. Useful to adjust the DOM prior to making the page visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called prior to going back to a previous page in the Form. Useful to adjust the DOM prior to making the page visible.
```
